[google_maps_flutter_web ] Update README.md to discuss mouse issue when stacked (#5875)
flutter/plugins: packages/google_maps_flutter/google_maps_flutter_web/README.md

Indoor and building layers are still not available on the web. Traffic is.

Only Android supports "[Lite Mode](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android-sdk/lite)", so the `liteModeEnabled` constructor argument can't be set to `true` on web apps.

> When stacked below other widgets, pointer_interceptor libary must be used to capture mouse events. See issue https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/73830

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Maps web uses `HtmlElementView` to render maps. When a `GoogleMap` is stacked below other widgets, [`package:pointer_interceptor`](https://www.pub.dev/packages/pointer_interceptor) must be used to capture mouse events on the Flutter overlays. See issue [#73830](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/73830)
```

> Google Maps web uses `HtmlElementView` to render maps. When a `GoogleMap` is stacked below other widgets, [`package:pointer_interceptor`](https://www.pub.dev/packages/pointer_interceptor) must be used to capture mouse events on the Flutter overlays. See issue [#73830](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/73830)

Reviewer 2: This should probably be "Google Maps for web".

Reviewer: Indeed. Fixed!

> Google Maps web uses `HtmlElementView` to render maps. When a `GoogleMap` is stacked below other widgets, [`package:pointer_interceptor`](https://www.pub.dev/packages/pointer_interceptor) must be used to capture mouse events on the Flutter overlays. See issue [#73830](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/73830)

Reviewer 2: The last sentence is missing a period.

Reviewer: It doesn't now!
